Created by: Kyle Reinholt 
Date: 2016-02-28

A requirements question I have, along with some thoughts:

Would you like us to do a room reservation system for Concord<br />  University that is streamlined, appealing, and fully functional, OR try <br /> and create a flexible system that can adapt to any university <br /> that will likely lack in functionality (not being pessimistic, <br /> hear me out)? One option is to webscrape for information and <br /> the other is to get information relying on user input. Some<br /> universities have over 15,000 courses scheduled (University of<br /> Michigan), having someone input all of this information would<br /> be extremely laborious. On the other hand, there are some<br /> serious stipulations that diverge when scoping out the<br /> feasibility of webscraping for course info. It looks like some<br /> universities hide their course information database from front-end <br /> users in order to only show courses currently available. Every <br /> university provides course descriptions but the location of each <br /> class and the time is not provided. Universities like Virginia <br /> Tech and WVU, you have to select classes by department or<br /> subject area. Then, a list is populated with courses in that filter.<br /> Since only the courses available are shown, this<br /> presents a problem in the knowledge base of when class times are. If a<br /> university uses this system of storing course information, we<br /> cannot use it for a room reservation system because the classes that are full will not show up. However, there are a few<br /> universities that provide CSV files of all of the locations and course<br /> times. This system seems like it can't be flexible<br /> because of how differently each university goes about storing their<br /> information. On top of that, each university has different building<br /> codes. It would take a copious amount of effort to<br /> tailor and prep the information for each university. If it is a<br /> requirement that we have to provide support for multiple<br /> universities, we should consider contacting the IT and registrars'<br /> offices at each college we are setting up the system for to see if<br /> they can send us a CSV file, or some other formatted list of<br /> courses, times, and locations.
